Monopoly Game Final Version

Our Monopoly game does not have any external .jar file dependencies. Our game runs through the main method in the GameDriver class. To run from the command line, you first need to compile the GameDriver class from the src file directory level with javac esof322/pa4/team24/GameDriver.java, then run the GameDriver class using java esof322/pa4/team24.GameDriver.java. This main method creates the GUI that the user interacts with while the actions behind the scenes control movements, decisions, money functionality, building and selling houses, and going to jail. In Eclipse, you also just need to run the GameDriver class by right clicking the GameDriver.java file, then Run As Java Application, which again brings up the GUI. The GUI starts with a screen displaying two options saying "New Game" or "Exit Game". After clicking the "New Game" button, a screen shows up displaying three selection boxes for number of players, number of turns to play, and which theme the user would like to play, as well as the "Start" button. After making a selection for each and selecting the "Start" button, a dialog box pops up prompting each user one by one to type their name and select a theme specific token. Once these steps are complete, the selected theme board and tokens appear with a panel showing each player's money total and properties owned, which both update after each turn. Finally, there is a panel of buttons, that are enabled and disabled for each particular situation.
	
Our assignment is especially strong in several areas, including the GUI and its features. Firstly, the GUI includes theme specific tokens and real time updating positions of the tokens in all situations, including going to jail, moving based on chance or community chest cards, and standard movements every turn. These movements coincide with the buttons that provide the user with options available for each situation, including rolling and paying to leave jail, using a get out of jail free card, mortgaging, and buying and selling houses. The player info panel that displays information and properties owned for each player also improves the usability of the game interface. Another strong suite of our game is how the game informs the player of what is happening during each turn by using dialog boxes to display the values of the each die for a roll and the space landed on. There also dialog boxes showing the card drawn when landing on a chance or community chest card. Our game is weak in some areas as well. The most apparent weakness of our game is behind the scenes with the code, as it is messy in places and not the most elegant in implementation. Also, our game displays differently on different devices and screen sizes. On Macs, the panels in the GUI appear to be zoomed in and make it difficult for the text to be seen in full and the buttons are squeezed into the display. On a PC, the display seems to fit okay and different screens. Finally, we were never able to implement a time limit, but we were at least able to implement a round limit where a round is complemented when each player has taken a turn. The user can still select a round limit, and the winner(s) is displayed at the end of the game.
